so y'all got some halls or surety guys
this isn't all stuff from today actually
notice this for today is actually stuff
from various days over the past week
nothing major here most of this stuff is
from Dollar Stores but it is including a
gift from my wife and my wedding
registry over at target this one's
actually a bit late this from maybe
about a week or even over a week or so
ago this one actually was from a a que
the budget Jedi you guys know him Ned
was actually the first person to get us
a gift off of our wedding registry not
just like my first friend here on
youtube like I don't know my friends and
family so it big things and a couple
other friends have gotten us gifts out
the wedding registry you guys know who
you are also those would actually have
them and also a target got another one
of those gift card toys this one is the
bag toss it's got four little different
games you can play and for beanbags if
you're not familiar with their gift card
toys they're essentially free you just
put a minimum of five dollars on the
gift card you get this and you can just
turn around and spend the five dollars
on something else and ninety-nine cents
only got a bunch these nano speed riders
they're basically little nano speed
motorcycles still prefer the little car
to pecs these are basically things I
normally would have bought at regular
retail price before but can't go wrong
and also at 99 says only this will
really give an idea of how much of a big
kid I am slow bike hub puzzle toy you
can see from the packaging right here
you build this puzzle creates a little
play mat and this wyndham car it
actually like rolls through this little
thing like a track of course most adult
collectors with being nothing of this
but I see it and it looks like fun i'm
gonna put together had some fun with it
and i got these at a dollar tree
actually have some other things while at
that dollar tree it'll snacks and stuff
but those of her had he been eating I
did pick up a couple packs Lee's GI Joe
retaliation trading cards though
actually would have gone more packs but
these were the only two they had that's
kind of disappointing each of these
packs something comes with three cards I
guess that's how it is these days but
when I was a kid card packs that I came
anywhere from like eight to ten cards
anyway and then
another ninety nine cents only this was
actually earlier last week I got a bunch
of these flying customs Hot Wheels cars
things I actually ignored a regular
retail and I'd seamless towards you know
these were I don't know how much is
we're like around three bucks or
something do you think they're cool
though I love the old school styling on
these but at that price I just wasn't
interested now at 99 cents though you
can't go wrong and I actually would have
gotten more but this is pretty much all
they had speaking of hot wheels but now
you guys might have seen my collection
video of micro machines the day after I
shot that I shot a similar one for my
Hot Wheels collection it was pretty much
the same thing I was just pulling this
stuff out of the bin showing them but I
want to give you guys a quick look I'm
actually sorting them now in some ways
in the collection video you won't even
see how numerous they are like you will
hear like this I know that just looks
like a mess of Hot Wheels right there
but they're actually in a little
categories like those are all like the
import and street racer ones and over
here those are all the trucks and over
here those are all race cars and stunt
cars and stuff like that so it looks
like they're just mixed together but
there are actually grouped in little
piles and I'm gonna beg them together
like that some of them are just like
you'll see in the collection video
they're already like group together and
those bags so just a little look at what
I'm doing right now and finally for any
you that's actually been following the
progress my collection intervention a
big cleanup project some of you guys
might remember what this room looked
like it still looks like quite a bit of
mess but again if you've been paying
attention you might notice some changes
and especially if I pull back like this
and you see all this open floor space I
wasn't there for so long this was just
basically all filled up with stuff I've
got that clear still always ago
especially in all the other rooms but
Megan progress and next I could just got
a tech these comments right here and
those are still all my mega bloks and
other construction sets